# FastAPI MySQL CRUD Application

This FastAPI application demonstrates how to perform basic CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Delete) operations on a MySQL database using Python. The application uses the `mysql-connector-python` library to connect to the database and execute SQL queries.

## Prerequisites

To run this application, you will need the following:

* Python 3.6 or later
* FastAPI
* MySQL Server

*`mysql-connector-python` library

## Installation

To install the required dependencies, run the following command in your terminal:

```bash

pipinstallfastapimysql-connector-python

```

## Database Setup

Before you can run the application, you will need to create a MySQL database and a table to store the data. You can do this using the following SQL commands:

```sql

CREATEDATABASE SohaibUsamaPractice;


USE SohaibUsamaPractice;


CREATETABLE UsamaKaTable (

  nameVARCHAR(255),

  phone VARCHAR(255)

);

```

## Running the Application

Once you have set up the database, you can run the application by running the following command in your terminal:

```bash

uvicornmain:app--reload

```

This will start the FastAPI application on port 8000. You can access the application by opening your browser and navigating to `http://localhost:8000`.

## API Endpoints

The application exposes the following API endpoints:

*`/createtable/{tableName}`: This endpoint creates a new table in the database with the specified name.

*`/createuser`: This endpoint inserts new data into the specified table.

## Code Explanation

### Creating a Table

The `createTableFunction` function creates a new table in the database with the specified name. The function takes the following argument:

*`tableName`: The name of the table to be created.

The function uses the `execute` method of the `mycursor` object to execute the SQL query to create the table. The `commit` method of the `mydb` object is then called to commit the changes to the database.

### Inserting Data

The `insertData` function inserts new data into the specified table. The function takes the following arguments:

*`tableName`: The name of the table to insert data into.

*`name`: The name of the person to be inserted.

*`phoneNumber`:

Generated by [BlackboxAI](https://www.blackbox.ai)
